August 23, 1992. This is one of the earliest versions of Walken I have that could be considered a complete game.

I like to classify each version by its EXE date. Yes, there some 3 files in this archive that have a later date. The reason is: this came from Andy's archives. I used to visit his house about once a week - usually on the weekend. During that time, we would give each other our latest work. I would give him my latest exe, while he would give me his latest maps and stuff. Andy must have made a few modifications since my last visit. Usually he would modify boards, but he would sometimes add some wall textures to support his latest ideas.

I rather like the gameplay. I've found that when you can die instantly (no health bar yet), it really gives you a sense of fear - a kind of suspense that later versions of the game lacked. You'll understand what I mean after playing for a while. Better collect those extra lives! Also, good luck passing level 5 as it's a real monster of a map. If you can find the key, which is hidden inside an unmarked walk-through wall (*sigh*), and find your way to the end, I will say that there's a really clever room just before the stairs.

Unfortunately, I do not have the source code to this exact date of WALKEN.EXE. The closest sources I have are from: 08/18/1992 and 09/10/1992. I looked into reverse compiling for a bit, but found that my versions simply weren't close enough to make it worth my time.

All files that are dated from 1992 are authentic and have not been modified for this release. However, I did remove a bunch of irrelevant files from Andy's original archive.

Enjoy!

File listing:
	WALKEN.EXE: Arrows:move/turn, Ctrl:shoot, Space:unlock, A/Z:uselessly move up/down. No cheats - sorry.
	SPRIDRAW.EXE: Silly tile viewer. Press , or . to select tile, PGUP/PGDN to change size.
	PLAYKSM.EXE: Use to play old music format in DosBox. Likes to not quit (i.e. stuck) randomly.

	TABLES.DAT: 8KBy sine table, 8KBy tangent table, 640By arctangent table.
	BOARDS.DAT: contains 5 maps, which later became levels: 1, 5, 9, 22, and 26 respectively.
	WALLS.DAT: contains 64 tiles (5 blank)

	*.WAV: all basically the same as the September 1992 Walken release.

	WALSNG00.KSM: It's a small world. Obviously removed later for copyright reasons.
	WALSNG01.KSM: Notegain.
	WALSNG02.KSM: Unfinished GREASONG.KSM: no percussion / messy timing.
	WALSNG03.KSM: Later renamed to WALSNG04.KSM.
	WALSNG04.KSM: Unfinished SOKESONG.KSM: no percussion / messy timing.
	INSTS.DAT: Instrument definitions for KSM songs.

	EDITDATA.BAS: Map (BOARDS) & Art (WALLS) viewer & editor. To view, use: PGUP/PGDN to select which map or tile, and Enter to toggle between map & art mode. Press 'v' to view all tiles (NOTE: requires TSENG ET4000 mode in DosBox).
	LINCHECK.BAS: Requires DosBox to be configured with TSENG ET4000 mode. I'm guessing this was a test program to determine which sprites were visible?
	CLIPTRY.BAS: Silly collision test program. I used to call this 'clipping' for some reason. I must have found the silly sounds entertaining. More fun when you comment out the ang = INT(360*RND) and init vel = 0 instead of 25.

-Ken S.
